Note: I used a MacBook for this exercise

Terminal Exercises

Part I

1. make a directory called first 

mkdir first

2. change directory to the first folder 

cd first/

3. create a file called person.txt 

touch person.txt

4. change the name of person.txt to another.txt 

mv person.txt another.txt

5. make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt 

cp another.txt copy.txt

6. remove the copy.txt file 

rm copy.txt

7. make a copy of the first folder and call it second 

cd ../
cp -r first second

8. delete the second folder

rm -rf second


Part II

1. What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out? 

Man refers to manual. 
Man rm gives us a manual of the command rm.
You can get out by pressing “q” on the keyboard.

2. Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do? 

The -l flag does the following: List files in the long format. (in order words, it shows more details about each file)
The -a flag does the following: Include directory entries whose names begin with a dot (‘.’). (In other words it shows the hidden files)

3. How do you jump between words in the terminal? 

Press Option + move keys

4. How do you get to the end of a line in terminal? 

Control + e

5. How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal? 

Control + a

6. How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal? 

Option + delete

7. What is the difference between a terminal and shell? 

A terminal allows you to communicate with the computer (or the shell). A shell allows you to execute commands. 

8. What is an absolute path? 

An absolute path is a path that starts at the root and leads to the final destination desired. (It does not matter where you currently are in the command prompt)

9. What is an relative path? 

A relative path is a path that leads to the destination desired relative to your current path in the command prompt.

10. What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used. 

A flag is used in combination with a beginning command to execute a more specific command. 

Flag “-r” combined with cp allows you to copy an entire folder directory

Flag “-rf” when combined with rm allows you to remove an entire folder directory

Flag “-a” when combined with ls allows you to see hidden files that begin with a “.”

11. What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?

Flag “-r” combined with rm allows you to remove an entire folder directory

Flag “-f” combined with rm allows you to force remove an entire folder directory without confirmation


